Part1
-----

Q1. In testcase1.c, how many times the swapper process got scheduled?
The swapper process got scheduled once.

Q2. In testcase3.c, how many times the swapper process is scheduled and why?
The swapper process was scheduled once after the child processes exited and before the parent process got out of the sleep command.
It was called because at that time, there were no other processes that could be scheduled (because children had exited and parent was in sleep).


Q3. In testcase5.c, how many times the sum value was less than 10 and why
The sum value was less than 10 twice in this testcase. This happens only when the pid of the process is 4 (because of condition in if loop). Therefore, two processes had pid = 4.
This shows that the allocation of pid is not linar. If a process with pid = 4 exits, and then
later some other child performs fork(), then that new process will get pid = 4(and print again)


Part 2
------

Q1. In testcase1.c, in which level the page table entries for the two addresses
for which walk_pt diverge and why?
The values diverge from L2 itself. This is because the value of &func is an address
in the code segment of memory, while the value of &pid will be in the stack.

Q2. In testcase2.c, reason about the page table entries at different levels for 
(ptr+4096) across different invocation of walk_pt. Specifically, differentiate
the entries w.r.t. the entries corresponding to (ptr)
Initially L3 and L4 entries were not allocated for both. However, L1 and L2 entries were same for them.
Then, the address ptr was accessed by setting *ptr. As a result, the mapping for ptr was created
for L3 and L4 (because of lazy allocation). Since ptr and ptr + 4096 shared same L1 and L2 
entries, ptr + 4096 also got allocated L3 entry.

Finally, when *(ptr + 4096) was allocated, ptr + 4096 also got an L4 address. Therefore,
in the end ptr + 4096 also got an L4 address.


Q3. Explain the gemOS physical memory allocation logic for the user stack
    region by examining the o/p of testcase4.c.
gemOS follows lazy allocation. So, addresses get mapped to physical address only when that is 
required i.e. only when they are accessed by the running process for the first time. This 
saves space, since we allocated only that physical memory which is required currently 
and don't map everything altogether.

Q4. In testcase5.c, the PFN used to maintain L4 page table for the two addresses
    are same. (True/False) with justification.
False, they are 0x2090E and 0x2090F. From each address in L3, there can be 2^21 corresponding
values in L4. However, ptr1 is 2^23 more than ptr. As a reslt, it shares a different address in
L3 as compared to ptr.

Q5. Which bit is used to maintain the `write' permission for a page? Justify. 
In testcase 5, ptr has read + write permission and have flags 0x19 wheras ptr1 has only read 
permission and has flags 0x11. Therefore, the difference 0x8 corresponds to the bit for 
the write permission.
Therefore the 4th bit (which corresponds to 2^3) is used to store the write permission.
      
